docs: update for CNI package change (#5894)
cri-o/cri-o: install.md

For Fedora, we only support setting minor versions. i.e: `VERSION=1.18`, and do not support pinning patch versions: `VERSION=1.18.3`

> Note: as of 1.24.0, the `cri-o` package no longer depends on `containernetworking-plugins` package. This is to allow users to install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: as of 1.24.0, the `cri-o` package no longer depends on the `containernetworking-plugins` package. Removing this dependency allows users to install
```

yum install cri-o
```

> Note: as of 1.24.0, the `cri-o` package no longer depends on `containernetworking-plugins` package. This is to allow users to install

Reviewer: If you use prior, do similar here.

to `/etc/crio/crio.conf.d/`

> Note: as of 1.24.0, the `cri-o` package no longer depends on `containernetworking-plugins` package. This is to allow users to install

Reviewer: ditto prior
